this is a true swarm of bees we are
absolutely covered they're all around us
and they keep on going back up to this
tree we're trying to get them into a box
down below
I suspect the Queen is somewhere in this
but they're all around us there are a
lot of bees here box when you capture a
swarm
and the Queen's not in there and they're
literally pouring out of this box
looking for the Queen so we're gonna ask
you try this once again
but maybe give them a minute to get out
box is actually moving because of the
weight of the bees shifting inside
so I guess this is what it would look
like at your hive if the bees were
swarming literally pouring out of the
box constantly
and this is the opposite effect this is
what happens when you get the Queen in
the box so you can see all the bees are
now flustered around the outside and
banding her pheromones we think that we
might have
as I'm filming this